learn-academy/technical-interviews/2022/delta/README.md, before:

# Interview 1

**Company:** Stark Intelligence, Inc.

**Company Description:** Stark Intelligence, not to be confused with Iron Man’s empire, is focused on providing superior artificial intelligence solutions to classified governmental agencies.

**Job:** Full Stack Software Engineer

**Job Description:** Stark Intelligence is looking for a full stack software engineer to add exciting new features to Tortuga, a proprietary AI software for reptilian sentience.

## Technical Questions (what is your technical knowledge?)

1. Explain some ways to store a collection of data in JavaScript?
1. What is a `has-many` relationship? Give an example.  
   _Answer: Where one record can be associated to many instances of another record. A user can have blog posts. And a blog post can have only one user._
1. Why might you use an array versus an object in programming?

## Prompt

Stark Intelligence is building a new feature for Tortuga. The AI will listen for a phrase and say it back in reverse. Write a function that takes in a phrase and reverses it, such that 'I love apples' becomes 'apples love I'.

# Interview 2

**Company:** StreamBean, LLC.

**Company Description:** StreamBean is the global leader of combined streaming. Finally, all your favorite streaming services in one place!

**Job:** Full Stack Software Engineer

**Job Description:** StreamBean is looking for a full stack software engineer to add exciting new features to its Stream Bean web app.

## Technical Questions (what is your technical knowledge?)

1. Explain the difference between an implicit function and an explicit function in JavaScript.  
   _Answer: Difference in return statements._
1. Define MVC.  
   _Answer: Model-View-Controller. In this framework, logic is separated into distinct focus areas. For example, code for the UI exists within the View and code for the database exists within the Model._
1. When might you use `componentDidMount` in a React component?  
   _Answer: `componentDidMount` is a React lifecycle method. Use this method to execute logic once the component has successfully loaded._
1. What is the difference between y and z below:  
   _Answer: there is no difference!_

```javascript
const x = "monkey";
const y = { x };
const z = { x: x };
```

## Prompt

StreamBean wants to create a simplified way for users to add their favorite streaming services. Create a function that takes in a new provider and adds it to an existing list for a user. The function should not add duplicate providers.

Commit message:

Update formatting and example answers.

learn-academy/technical-interviews/2022/delta/README.md, after:

# Interview 1

**Company:** Stark Intelligence, Inc.

**Company Description:** Stark Intelligence, not to be confused with Iron Man’s empire, is focused on providing superior artificial intelligence solutions to classified governmental agencies.

**Job:** Full Stack Software Engineer

**Job Description:** Stark Intelligence is looking for a full stack software engineer to add exciting new features to Tortuga, a proprietary AI software for reptilian sentience.

## Technical Questions (what is your technical knowledge?)

1. Explain some ways to store a collection of data in JavaScript?
  
   _Answer: There are multiple ways to store a collection of data in JavaScript. An object is used to store key-value pairs. An array is used to store lists of data in a particular order. At a higher level, one could also use classes to store, mutate, and delete data._

1. What is a `has-many` relationship? Give an example.  
   
   _Answer: Where one record can be associated to many instances of another record. A user can have blog posts. And a blog post can have only one user._
1. Why might you use an array versus an object in programming?
   
   _Answer: Both arrays and objects are used to store collections of data in programming. An object is useful for representing a single unit of something that has multiple properties. A `car` object, for example, can have multiple properties such as `year`, `make`, and `model`. Arrays are useful for storing lists of items in index-specific order. A `color` array, for example, can store a list of color values such as `red`, `green`, and `blue`._
## Prompt

Stark Intelligence is building a new feature for Tortuga. The AI will listen for a phrase and say it back in reverse. Write a function that takes in a phrase and reverses it, such that 'I love apples' becomes 'apples love I'.

# Interview 2

**Company:** StreamBean, LLC.

**Company Description:** StreamBean is the global leader of combined streaming. Finally, all your favorite streaming services in one place!

**Job:** Full Stack Software Engineer

**Job Description:** StreamBean is looking for a full stack software engineer to add exciting new features to its Stream Bean web app.

## Technical Questions (what is your technical knowledge?)

1. Explain the difference between an implicit function and an explicit function in JavaScript.  
   
   _Answer: Difference in return statements._

1. Define MVC.  
   
   _Answer: Model-View-Controller. In this framework, logic is separated into distinct focus areas. For example, code for the UI exists within the View and code for the database exists within the Model._

1. When might you use `componentDidMount` in a React component?  
   
   _Answer: `componentDidMount` is a React lifecycle method. Use this method to execute logic once the component has successfully loaded._

1. What is the difference between y and z below:  
   
   _Answer: there is no difference!_

    ```javascript
    const x = "monkey";
    const y = { x };
    const z = { x: x };
    ```

## Prompt

StreamBean wants to create a simplified way for users to add their favorite streaming services. Create a function that takes in a new provider and adds it to an existing list for a user. The function should not add duplicate providers.
